For my first website, I've decided to create a blog for my dogs. I've always loved telling stories from an animals perspecitve. My first time doing it was a blog for my guinea pigs. Then I made an Instagram for my lab, Solo. I think it's so fun to write something with an animal voice (which is so weird to think about). In my mind, my dogs have thier own way of spelling things, abreviations, and ways of explaining things. For example, on Solo's Instagram he says "Iz a good dog", meaning to me "I am a good dog." It's silly and all for fun. I'd tell the stories of when we got the new puppy, if they did anything or got anything new, or how their days went.

When creating my site, I wanted to lay out the framework for the entire blog. I hope to continue to build on it throughout the semester.

When it comes to balance, I first layed out all my text, then I started to play with the structure. To keep a playful tone, I decided to have a light yellow background. I didn't like the black text thorughout the site, so I decided to add a secondary color (navy). To continue playing with balance, I aligned the heading text to the middle. Then I added some photos of my dogs. I feel like it turned out how I wanted it to. 

I didn't face that many challanges, I more so felt anxiety on how far I should take this website for the first assignment for it. I decided to just lay out the first page and added some details to the second (Vader's Blog), mainly to act as a proof of concept. In my first coding class we went over the basics of html coding. I wanted to play with somethings we didn't play with in my last class, but I didn't know how I wanted to incorporate them. I eventually decided to add a quote to the top of the page, and a insert/delete to give some personality to the page. On the second page I also used the address markup to add contact information. 

So far, I've really enjoyed expanding on my knowledge of html. I've had no issues yet, but I'll reach out if I do. I can't wait to learn how to do more.